JIP1 + basic setup (#4)
Joystream/jip: jip-1/jip.md

### Proposal Types

There are two categories of JIP proposal types, called community and council JIPs. The distinction between the two is as follows. Community JIPs are a knowledge and legitimacy producing social processes which do not depend on approval or input from the council on the merits of the standard itself - only the process, and the final outcome of a successful proposal confers no direct guarantee or commitment that the standard will actually be adopted by anyone. **This type of JIP further falls into one among five distinct categories, exclusively for the purpose of thematic organization, the process is the same for all cases. Council JIPs conversely are specifically propositions about making some change where adoption is the intended outcome, and this outcome is under the control of the council, either directly through a self-enforcing on-chain proposal, or indirectly through the governance hierarchy directing the actions of relevant DAO participants.

> - **Community:** Proposals who's focus is to generated feedback, discussion and information, which further exists in one among the following non-overlapping categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Community:** Proposals focusing to generate feedback, discussion and information, which further exists in one among the following non-overlapping categories.
```
